In this video I'd like to go over the content in this section of the course.
This is a very important section since we describe the installation of the tools necessary to create,
build, and execute C++ programs.
We wanted to make this course accessible to as many students as possible
who want to learn C++.
So, if you're running Microsoft Windows, Mac OSX,  or Ubuntu Linux, we have videos detailing the steps
necessary to get set up and running on your platforms.
The following section includes videos for installing the C++ compiler, the CodeLite IDE and how to configure
the CodeLite IDE for each specific operating system.
Then we go over how to create a default CodeLite project template that you can use when you want to
create a new C++ project.
This makes it really easy to start new projects quickly since all the required settings will be ready
to go. In all the videos we use are a real simple C++ program to test the installations. All of the elements
of the C++ program will be explained in detail as we progress through the course.
In this section, just type along and follow along to ensure that your installation is complete.
In addition to using the CodeLite IDE,  we want to be sure that students can learn and build C++ programs
even though they may not be able to install an IDE due to hardware limitations.
So we created a section that uses just a simple text editor and the command line tools to do just that.
If you're unable to use an IDE then please don't let that stop you from learning C++.
You could still use the command line just fine.
So we created a video for the command line for Windows , for Ubuntu Linux, and for Mac OSX.
Finally, we include a video that uses a web site that has a C++ compiler available that you can use to
write and execute basic C++ programs.
This has some limitations, but it's great if you're on the road or away from your own PC.
All you need is a web browser and you can run much of the code presented in this course.
As the Course evolves we'd like to include videos for Xcode on Mac, Microsoft Visual Studio on Windows,
Eclipse,
NetBeans, and other major IDEs.
We want this to be the most complete beginning C++ course available.